the nissan juke is this little urban suv
who has before all a terrible mouth a
mouth that keep even in its version
entry-level that we try
today this basic finish of a
available only with one engine
the subscript meaning 94 horses
in the program no frills the
exterior mirrors and handles
of doors are black and not color
bodywork as on the version
higher
likewise the wheels are 16 inches with
hubcaps
but even so the guard looks very
dynamic regardless of the angle of
inside view no fuss
equipment at the hands air conditioning
the gps the bluetooth kit or the regulator
inaccessible speed even in option
but we still have the windows
front electric or car radio the
presentation remains particular with the
gear lever implanted on a
element that evokes the motorcycle tank
in the back is good for two adults
but not three one of the weak points
juke comes from his chest with 251
cubic decimeters it is very far from the
377 cubic decimetres of a renault captur
in addition the loading threshold is too
even to follow every day that
we had tried was dynamic ip
even to be firm
this version of the juke with its wheels
16 inches and more considerate in
suspension but still nice to
to drive and not sensitive to the roll
the little engine is quite
sufficient in city principal vocation
of the car it is more discreet to
low regime
on the road the 94 horses are of course
less comfortable but still more
convincing that catches or 2008
with their three-cylinder input
range
weak points on the road
soundproofing and distances from
excessive braking
the juke is above all a look even gold
in this version more or less
stripped he keeps his mouth of
concept cars rolling good surprise
this version proved one of
more comfortable of the range and the
little donkey and just overall
one of the only weak points comes from
the poor equipment in series is
impossible to enrich by way of
options the only proposed and the painting
metallized for 1000 euros more the
Deleting finish enriches rims
alloy is a manual air conditioning
it's another opinion a better choice
which is reasonable in budget